---
layout: post
title:  "New blog"
date:   2014-12-21
description: The new blog is arrived :-)
categories:
- blog
permalink: new-blog
---

Hey all folks, after long time I return to write something about **changes** I
made to my blog, and how I plan to use it in next months.

## From Wordpress to Jekyll

So, first thing: I moved away from Wordpress! I find Wordpress annoying and to
big for what I need: a place where I could write some things, without anything
else.

I stopped to write because I find is a pain to write a new post in Wordpress:
the editor isn't so good, and the admin interface is so slow.

Some months ago an italian tech blogger, [Alessio Biancalana][dottorblaster],
moved from Wordpress to [Jekyll][jekyll]. I was curious, so I tried it, and it's
awesome! Only thing you need is a text editor and **BOOM**, you're ready.

Also because you write post with markdown, and markdown rocks! The site is
hosted on Github Pages, so my workflow is definitely better: write a post, `git
add, git commit, git push` and GitHub takes care of all!

## Contents

Ok, you now have a new blog, and it's cool. But what about contents? A blog
without contents is useless!

Well, I want to try to use the blog to post all things I used to post on
Google+. In last months I did a lot of things (attended a Canonical sprint,
wrote a scope for Ubuntu for Phones, improved bookmarks in Ubuntu Browser, has
been invited to the launch of the first Ubuntu Smartphone and so on) but I wrote
about them only on Google+, and this is a shame. Google+ is cool for a lot of
things, but your contents belong to it, and who hasn't an account could't read
them, and things *fly away* after few days.

My plan is to write all posts I usually write on G+ here, so they will be also
on Ubuntu Planet :-)

## Comments

As maybe you notice, there isn't a comment section. Well, Jekyll is a static
content manager, so all solutions out of there are based on Disqus or some other
cloud content manager. I totally don't like them, so at the moment I prefer to
avoid to implement comments.

I found a plugin for Jekyll to manage them in a cool way, I' ll try to implement
it during Christmas holidays.

Meanwhile, if you have any feedback, write a mail to me, or leave a comment on
G+ :-D

## Donations

Another thing I added in the restyling of the website is a [donation][donation]
page. I'm an universitary student and I don't have any income, please help me to
have free time to do what I love most: help others developing. First donations
will be used to buy a VPS to host this blog (see below).

## Privacy

I talked a lot about privacy in previous posts, but now I moved my contents from
my hosting to GitHub. What?

This is because I like very much Jekyll, and to use it I need Ruby, and I don't
have a VPS where install it. So I prefer to have a blog where I'm happy to write
hosted on a GitHub server rather a blog without contents hosted on my hosting.

But if I'll take some money with donations I'll buy a VPS, so I could also
manage a mail server - at the moment I use an european provider - ovh - but I
want to have full control on the mails.

So, for now it is all, and I hope this is the first of a long series of posts.

Enjoy your holidays!

[dottorblaster]: http://dottorblaster.it/
[jekyll]: http://jekyllrb.com
[donation]: https://rpadovani.github.io/donations
