---
layout: post
title:  "New blog"
date:   2014-12-17
description: The new blog is arrived :-)
categories:
- blog
permalink: new-blog
tags: personal
---

Hey all folks,
after long time I return to write something about **changes** I made to my
blog, and how I plan to use it in next months.

## From Wordpress to Jekyll
So, first thing: I moved away from Wordpress!
I find Wordpress annoying and to big for what I need: a place where I could
write some things, without anything else.

I stopped to write because I find is a pain to write a new post in Wordpress:
the editor isn't so good, and the admin interface is so slow.

Some months ago an italian tech blogger, [Alessio Biancalana][dottorblaster],
moved from Wordpress to [Jekyll][jekyll]. I was curious, so I tried it, and it's awesome!
Only thing you need is a text editor and **BOOM**, you're ready.

Also because you write post with markdown, and markdown rocks!
The site is hosted on Github Pages, so my workflow is definitely better: write
a post, `git add, git commit, git push` and GitHub takes care of all!

## Contents
Ok, you now have a new blog, and it's cool. But what about contents? A blog
without contents is useless!

Well, I want to try to use the blog to post all things I used to post on
Google+.
In last months I did a lot of things (attended a Canonical sprint, wrote a
scope for Ubuntu for Phones, improved bookmarks in Ubuntu Browser and so on)
but I wrote about them only on Google+, and this is a shame.
Google+ is cool for a lot of things, but your contents belong to it,

[dottorblaster]: http://dottorblaster.it/
[jekyll]: http://jekyllrb.com
