---
layout: post
title:  "My opensource contributions in Sep 15"
date:   2015-10-01 15:30
description: What did I do in Sep to change the world bit by bit? Take a look!
categories:
- personal
permalink: my-contributions-sep-15
---

Aha, summer is finished, it's time to be full active in the opensource wolrd
again! I'm very happy about my contributions in September, I found myself very
active.

## Donations

In September I received 20 euros of donations. Thanks so much, I'll use them to
buy coffee and spent nights writing code :-)

For Falldown (see below) we received 30 euros of donations. We're still thinking
how to invest them (buying a domain for the team, doing a contest to create a
theme for the game, and some others cool ideas).

If you find valuable my contribute to opensource world, or you're enjoying
Falldown, please consider to make me a [donation][donation].

Please write if the donation is for me or for Falldown (we'll provide a separate
donation mail in the future).

## What I did

Other than the release of [Falldown][falldown] and working on some updates
(themes are coming, and more), I wrote (and tested and merged) another patch for
Launchpad.

Also, I wrote a couple of patches for the webbrowser and started new patches for
reminders app.

More, I spent a lot of time reviewing code - I'm quite good finding small errors
in implementations - in that way the quality of updates is always high :-)

## Your turn

Hey, now it's your turn to start changing the world with the opensource
software.

Why don't you [start to contribute][old]?

If you like my work and want to support me, just send me a *Thank you!* by
[email](mailto:riccardo@rpadovani.com) or [offer me][donation] a beer:-)

Ciao,<br/>
R.

[donation]: http://rpadovani.com/donations/
[falldown]: http://rpadovani.com/falldown-010/
[old]: http://rpadovani.com/how-to-start-to-contribute-to-ubuntu/
