---
layout: post
title:  "My opensource contributions in April 15"
date:   2015-05-01 22:26
description: What did I do in April to change the world bit by bit? Take a look!
categories:
- personal
permalink: my-contributions-apr-15
---

Another month is gone, so it's time to summarize what I did for the opensource
world. I like to find half an hour to think to last month: it helps me to
understand what I did, and where I can improve. Also, I always hope that this
can be an inspiration for those two/three readers of this blog.

This month was amazing: first Ubuntu Phones reached users, and so now we have
feedbacks from actual customers, and we're seeing platform growing.

If you have published any app on the Ubuntu Store you know what I'm talking
about: in last two weeks there were a lot of new downloads by new users. In this
moment [100 balls][100balls], a little game I published, has more than 1200
download by something like 1000 users (actually, 936).

If I think where we were [2 years ago][years], it all seems a miracle: community
and Canonical are doing a great work together, and we finally reached the market
with a real device, and others are coming. Wow!

## Stats & VPS

Since this month, no more stats about how many visitors this blog has. I dropped
CloudFare when I configured my own [VPS][vps], and I choose to don't install any
stats service/tracker/whatever

## Donations

In April I received 5 euros in donations, and a lot of mails to support my
contributions to opensource world. Thanks to all! It's very important for me to
see that my work is appreciated, and mails and donations are always a pleasure!

I also found a [job][job] as frontend developer - I'm happy because after a
month I can say I find an equilibrium between job, Ubuntu and life, so I can
continue contributing to the opensource world!

If you find valuable what I'm doing in Ubuntu, please consider to
[make][donation] me a donation :-)

## What I did

April was a good month - first month of my first job, so it has been a bit
strange, but I found also time for Ubuntu - let's see what I did!

### Calculator app

Finally we [published][calc] the calculator app reboot to the store as default
Ubuntu Phone calculator. It has been a long journey, and it's far from the end!
I hope you're enjoying it: please, if you find any bug, [report it][lp]. And if
you have feedbacks, or you want to contribute to the development of the app,
join us next week during the [Ubuntu Developer Summit][uds], we're waiting you!

## Browser app

Yay, good progress on this side! Settings page has been merged (if you are on
vivid, you should have it), and then I worked on other four bugs (about
suggestions list, supported webaddress and default size of the window) and
mainly on the new tab - we changed a lot of things, and I improved the code.

Since the browser is one of the app I use more on the phone, I find important to
develop it. Also, I'm learning a lot of things, thanks to [oSoMoN][osomon] who
help me in development. Having mentors is one of the best things of the
opensource world :-)

### Oxide

Also, oSoMoN suggested me to start to contribute to [Oxide][oxide].

_Oxide makes it possible for developers to embed a Chromium-powered webview in
their application_

It's a beast, (more than 6GB of code to download and compile on first run), but
Olivier and Chris are helping me to make my first bugfix. I think I'll learn a
lot contributing to Oxide - it's a C++ project without UI, and I like to develop
without having to think to UI!

Have you ever thought about helping the Ubuntu development? There are a lot of
things to do, and you don't have to be a developer: we need translators,
testers, promoters and so. Try to take a look [here][community], and, if you
have any doubt, write me. I'll be more than happy to address you to the right
place to start to contribute.

Just think: two years ago, when I started to do things for Ubuntu Phone, I knew
very little about developing world, and know I'm doing cool things that reach
thousands of users. **Wow**!

Someone asked me how to start, well, I have no good suggestion: find something
you like, and try to improve it. As soon as I've time I write a blog post with
my story, maybe for someone could be useful: but remember, **you have to create
your own story**, don't copy others, it's useless. Be yourself and try to change
the world in your way :-)

If you like my work and want to support me, just send me a *Thank you!* by
[email](mailto:riccardo@rpadovani.com) or [offer me][donation] a beer:-)

Ciao,<br/>
R.

[donation]: http://rpadovani.com/donations/
[vps]: http://rpadovani.com/my-vps-configuration/
[job]: http://rpadovani.com/my-first-job/
[calc]: http://rpadovani.com/calculator-here-we-are/
[lp]: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-calculator-app/+filebug
[uds]: http://summit.ubuntu.com/uos-1505/meeting/22416/calculator-planning/
[osomon]: https://plus.google.com/100486649727917304321/posts
[oxide]: https://code.launchpad.net/oxide
