---
layout: post
title:  "My opensource contributions in Oct and Nov 15"
date:   2015-10-01 22:45
description: Two months in one, my laziness is growing a bit too much
categories:
- personal
permalink: my-contributions-nov-15
---

Hey all, it has been a while since last time I updated my blog.
In last two months I did not contribute much to the opensource world, both for
time issues (work and uni take a lot of my free time) but mainly because I lost
motivation.

I tried to analyze a bit myself, and I think one of the reasons was I tried to
contribute to too many projects. So I took a break, and now I'm starting all
over again, contributing to just a couple of them, as I'll describe later.

But let's start taking a look to last two months:

## Donations

Falldown team received 100 euros in donations. Thanks so much, we love your
support and we're working hard to bring you new updates :-)

We spent money during UbuCon, in Germany last Oct, where mivoligo and I met for
the first time in person! We discussed about future plans for Falldown, and we
drank a couple of beers to thanks all you for your enormous support to our app!

## What I did

Before taking my break I finalized a couple of patches for Oxide and webbrowser
app, back in October.

Meanwhile, I worked on [theme support][themes] for Falldown; I totally like
Falldown, and I never stopped writing code for it: I'm very proud of it, and I
think as team we did a great work: this is why I'm continue to add features :-)

Next big update will land (we hope) before Christmas, with achievements support
and also support to In App Purchasing: don't worry, will be only a donation
button, the app will be always all free. But we want to help Ubuntu team to
develop this important platform feature.

Other than Falldown I would like to contribute to Ubuntu itself, but I need
motivation and to start something not too broad.

So I thought to Calculator App: something I already know, and I like :-) Since
mid of November I reviewed a lot of code which was waiting (thanks Bartosz!) and
start again to write patches, porting the calculator to the Ubuntu SDK 1.3 and
fixing old bugs.

I don't want to take too much work and burning out again, so for next months
I'll focus only on Calculator and Falldown (and my job, and uni).

I'll try to write a bit more on the blog, there are some cool things that are
going in the Ubuntu world!

## Your turn

Hey, now it's your turn to start changing the world with the opensource
software.

Why don't you [start to contribute][old]?

If you like my work and want to support me, just send me a *Thank you!* by
[email](mailto:riccardo@rpadovani.com) or [offer me][donation] a beer:-)

Ciao,<br/>
R.

[donation]: https://rpadovani.com/donations/
[themes]: https://rpadovani.com/falldown-theme/
[old]: https://rpadovani.com/how-to-start-to-contribute-to-ubuntu/
