---
layout: post
title:  "My opensource contributions in Jul&Aug 15"
date:   2015-09-06 17:20
description: What did I do in Jul&Aug to change the world bit by bit? Take a look!
categories:
- personal
permalink: my-contributions-aug-15
---

Hey all,<br/>
it's a bit since the last time I wrote my summary - indeed I skipped the July
blog post. This is due two big reasons: holidays and laziness. During summer I
take a break from all computer-related things, I need to restore a bit, so the
amount of my contributions goes down drastically.

Anyway, I did some things, and I'm here to do a little summary!

## Donations

This summer I haven't received any donation.

If you find valuable my contribute to opensource world, please
consider to make me a [donation][donation].

## What I did

### Spread Ubuntu

I met a lot of people this summer and I tried to talk about Ubuntu as much as I
can. Mainly, I went to [CCCamp][ccc] and here we talked a lot about Ubuntu Core
and Snappy.

### Launchpad

Since Launchpad isn't in maintenance mode anymore, I chose to start to
contribute to it. I love that portal, so I think I can help its development. So
long I did just a patch, but I'm planning to starting to contribute on ongoing
base.

### Falldown

I worked hard on [Falldown][falldown] with a couple of other guys - more news on
this in next days :-)

## Other things

Other than that I wrote some code for the browser and did a lot of reviews of
other's code. I also fix a couple of bugs in Calculator and Reminders.

Also, to help the sharing of Ubuntu for Phones, I'm very active again on Italian
Forum: I take feedbacks and open bugs on Launchpad, and support new developers.

If you like my work and want to support me, just send me a *Thank you!* by
[email](mailto:riccardo@rpadovani.com) or [offer me][donation] a beer:-)

Ciao,<br/>
R.

[donation]: http://rpadovani.com/donations/
[aaron]: http://usefoss.com/
[ccc]: http://rpadovani.com/cccamp2015/
[Falldown]: http://news.softpedia.com/news/exclusive-first-look-at-falldown-a-fast-paced-and-addictive-game-for-ubuntu-touch-489975.shtml
