---
layout: post
title:  "My opensource contributions in January 15"
date:   2015-02-01 09:00
description: What did I do in January to change the world bit by bit? Take a look!
categories:
- personal
permalink: my-contributions-jan-15
---

Wow, it's already a month I *rebooted* my [blog][reboot], and this is the
twelveth article I write. Whereas since the launch of the blog, during November
'13, I wrote 7 articles, well, this is a record for myself!


## Stats

But it's thanks to you I write, because I see you are a lot who read me.
Actually, number of visits to the blog are astonishing. Without calculating who
read articles on [Ubuntu Planet][planet] or in a RSS Reader, this blog had
**37,482 page views** by **11,702 unique visitors** in 35 days. WHAT? Thanks to
all, it's incredible!

Stats are calculated by CloudFare, I don't have Analytics or others trackers on
the site. It just counts the number of request it has.

## Donations

Another thing I inserted in the website during the reboot of last month it's the
[donations][donation] page. And in this month I received my firsts two donations
(*total amount is €18,54*). Thanks, it's really nice to see that my work is
appreciated.

## What I did

Now, it's time to describe what I did in Jan (plus last week of Dec, just to
start from the reboot of the blog). I had also to do exams at Uni, so I did less
than I wanted. I hope to do more next month!

### Calculator Reboot

I used most of the time to work on Calculator Reboot for Ubuntu Phone - adding
features, fixing bugs and reviewing code. If you want to go through its history,
you can read [about the project][c0], when it first [hit the store][c1] on Jan,
15 and the last [two][c2] [updates][c3].

### Browser app

I never talked about the **Ubuntu Browser App** on this blog, but it's a project
I like a lot. It has some interesting concepts (like how it manages bookmarks)
and it's one of the app I use more on the phone. It isn't a *core app*, so I
contribute to it only when I have a lot of free time, because the priority are
core apps (like Calculator). But in the last week I had some free time and I
wanted to contribute a bit more (it was since last Oct I didn't write code for
browser). So in next weeks you'll see landing an improvement in the [history page]
[b0] UI, a new design for [new tab page][b1] and an [animation][b2] to have
address bar with the same width of the app when you insert a link.

Thanks to Olivier for the support and the patience :-)

### Other

I did other little things: some promotion to DuckDuckGo and Ubuntu Touch on this
blog and on social networks, I reported all bugs I found using Ubuntu Phone as
main phone, I wrote a little patch for clock app and did some reviews, and,
mainly, supported Ubuntu Italy activities (promotion and support). Everyone who
works in opensource world knows what I mean when I say that these contributions
*are routine*. When you contribute for some years to the opensource world then
becomes natural report bugs and help someone if he tries to achieve something we
already achieved.

Next month I hope to finalize calculator app reboot and, if I have enough time,
implement a very interesting feature in the browser.

You know, I'm a student and I do all this in my free time. So, if you like my
work and want to support me, just send me a *Thank you!* by
[email](mailto:riccardo@rpadovani.com) or [offer me][donation] a coffee :-)

Ciao,<br/>
R.

[reboot]: http://rpadovani.com/new-blog/
[planet]: http://planet.ubuntu.com
[donation]: http://rpadovani.com/donations/
[c0]: http://rpadovani.com/ubuntu-calculator-app-reboot/
[c1]: http://rpadovani.com/ubuntu-calculator-app-reboot-store/
[c2]: http://rpadovani.com/calculator-reboot-translations/
[c3]: http://rpadovani.com/calculator-reboot-favourite/
[b0]: https://code.launchpad.net/~rpadovani/webbrowser-app/fixBookmarkDesign
[b1]: https://code.launchpad.net/~rpadovani/webbrowser-app/newTabRefactoring
[b2]: https://code.launchpad.net/~rpadovani/webbrowser-app/addressBarFullWidth
